{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13920\viewh8120\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ######### Title: Construction of an FE model of the spinal cord to simulate the voltage distribution caused by a dipole\
######### Author: Markus E. Oberndorfer\
\
\
- FILES:\
	+ main.py\
		used to calculate the voltage distribution for a given mesh in the \'82mesh_files\'91 folder and dipole 		arrangement. Accesses the files in the folders \'82custom_functions\'91 and \'82mesh_files\'91.  Run \'82python main.py\'91 in 		command line to perform calculation. NGsolve/NETGEN package needed. Can decide between two meshes:		Spine_1.vol - simple; Spine_2.vol - advanced\
\
	+ main_visualize.py\
		used to calculate the voltage distribution for a given mesh in the \'82mesh_files\'91 folder and dipole 		arrangement. Creates an animation of the calculation. Dipole magnitude decreases and increases with sinusoidal 		behaviour. Run \'82netgen main_visualize.py\'91 in command line to run visualisation. NGsolve/NETGEN package needed.\
\
- FOLDERS:\
	+ custom_functions\
		Contains necessary functions for calculations in \'82main.py\'91. \
	+ mesh_files\
		Contains two mesh files. A simple (Spine_1.vol) and a more advanced geometry (Spine_2.vol) of the spine\
\
- COMMENTS:\
	+ All functions in \'82custom_functions\'91 are already in \'82main_visualizatoin.py\'91. NETGEN command cannot access functions in 	   folders, thus, \'82main.py\'91 was created . }